Add info for `package:this` selector (#7006)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/node-selection/methods.md

  dbt run --select "snowplow.*"
```

> The package `this` is also a special one that would select the ndoes of the current project. With the example above, running `dbt run --select "package:this"` from the `snowplow` project would run the exact same set of models as any of the three other selectors.

Reviewer: fix typo and making it more direct
```suggestion
Use the `this` package to select nodes from the current project. From the example, running `dbt run --select "package:this"` from the `snowplow` project runs the exact same set of models as the other three selectors.

Since `this` always refers to the current project, using `package:this` ensures that you're only selecting models from the project you're working in.
```
